Adding information on how to install FEniCS (#114)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/adapters/fenics/adapter-fenics.md

summary: "A general adapter for the open source computing platform FEniCS"
---

## What is FEniCS

From the FEniCS website: _FEniCS is a popular open-source (LGPLv3) computing platform for solving partial differential equations (PDEs). FEniCS enables users to quickly translate scientific models into efficient finite element code. With the high-level Python and C++ interfaces to FEniCS, it is easy to get started, but FEniCS offers also powerful capabilities for more experienced programmers. FEniCS runs on a multitude of platforms ranging from laptops to high-performance clusters._ More details can be found at [fenicsproject.org](https://fenicsproject.org/).

## How to get FEniCS

> You can install FEniCS on your system by several ways as mentioned on [fenicsproject.org](https://fenicsproject.org/download/). The simplest way to install FEniCS on Ubuntu is using `apt-get`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install FEniCS on your system by several ways as mentioned on [fenicsproject.org](https://fenicsproject.org/download/). The simplest way to install FEniCS on Ubuntu is using the official PPA repository of FEniCS:
```

```bash

> sudo apt-get install software-properties-common
> sudo add-apt-repository ppa:fenics-packages/fenics
> sudo apt-get update
> sudo apt-get install fenics

Reviewer: In (most of) the rest of the documentation, we use `apt install`, `apt update`, and `apt install`. The `apt-get` is an older command and I think there are no actively supported distributions still not supporting `apt`.

Side note: we should still use `apt-get` in scripts, as `apt` itselfs says it is not meant to be used in scripts at the moment (reports so when trying to run in a script).

```suggestion
sudo apt install software-properties-common
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:fenics-packages/fenics
sudo apt update
sudo apt install fenics
```

https://askubuntu.com/a/446484/142834
